hello and welcome again to the lifestyle
solution center we've got a real treat
for you today this is the construction
of a natural rock bottom waterfall this
area here is being excavated ready for
us to start and place the fine line you
can see we've had the excavator in there
and there's that the liner we've placed
him around the entire pond and now we're
going to start in to locate some of the
rocks so we've both got a top loader and
a posi-track to locate them all the
rocks are going to be bedded onto the
base there's a concrete footing just to
keep them from sliding down this process
has taken a few days and over now you
can see we've got the plants in place
we've laid the turf and hey presto we've
got water in there and isn't that a
stunning effect to you can see the
waterfall there
include round upon sorry uniform is
actually a complete filtration system
which runs 24 7 and a separate country
no just to run the waterfall and so
there's quite a little water it's
getting through the system now about
forty thousand liters an hour you'll
also be able to see the in the pond
we've lined the entire four areas with a
movie star with some the 20 to 40
millimeter rated riverstone and then
some ungraded to give that really
natural effect I'm sure you'll agree
does it fantastic
you had to include a special filtration
system which is come from the clear pond
Brett helped us with that considerably
through the project you'll see here
there's a UV light in that first square
box then it overflows into four separate
filters returning back into the far end
of the pool it's quite complex although
very simple to maintain and over in the
back here is the remote control so that
we can remotely control both the
lighting we've included around the pond
and also the control of the waterfall
itself
when you're looking for a and XD out
standing water feature and just give us
a call or check us out at Ernie com
delay you we look forward to catching up
with you next time and bye for now